=head1 NAME

Blosxom Plug-in: conditional_get

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Enables condtional GET and HEAD using C<If-None-Match> and
C<If-Modified-Since> header.

The application should set either or both of C<Last-Modified>
or C<ETag> response headers according to RFC 2616.
When either of the conditions is met, the response body is set
to be zero length and the status is set to 304 Not Modified.

This plugin is compatible with L<Blosxom::Header>.

=head2 INSTALLATION

'cd' into a directory called 't', and test the plugin:

  $ prove *.t

If you got 'All tests successful',
drop the conditional_get plug-in into your Blosxom plugins folder.

=head1 LIMITATIONS

This plugin adds neither C<Last-Modified> nor
C<ETag> response headers. You have to add either or both headers
in your own way. For example,

  package last_modified;
  use strict;
  use warnings;
  use HTTP::Date;
  use List::Util qw/max/;

  my @mtime;

  sub start { !$blosxom::static_entries }

  sub date { push @mtime, $_[3] }

  sub last {
      return unless @mtime;
      my $latest = max @mtime;
      $blosxom::header->{-last_modified} = time2str( $latest );
  }

  1;

NOTE: The Last-Modified and ETag headers must be set before this plugin is
called.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

L<Blosxom 2.0.0|http://blosxom.sourceforge.org> or higher.

Tests require L<Test::More>, L<Test::Base> and L<YAML>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Plack::Middleware::ConditionalGET>

=head1 AUTHOR

Ryo Anazawa <anazawa@cpan.org>,
https://github.com/anazawa/

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2012 Ryo Anazawa. All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will we useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY of FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

=cut
